OLS-1664:  Mention FIPS support in OLS product docs (#94294)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-openshift-lightspeed-fips-support.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * lightspeed-docs-main/configure/ols-configuring-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="openshift-lightspeed-fips-support_{context}"]
= {ols-long} FIPS support

> {ols-official} is designed for Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS).

Reviewer: This sentence is awkward to me. 
```suggestion
{ols-official} is designed to meet the Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS).
```
```suggestion
{ols-official} meets the Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS).
```

Author: As I understand it, this sentence was massaged with a team, including legal, and essentially it was important to say designed for rather than meets because the approval process is lengthy and complicated. I think I might leave this part as is, but I did make the other changes you suggested. Thanks!

Reviewer: Good to know!

FIPS is a set of publicly announced standards developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), a part of the U.S. Department of Commerce. The primary purpose of FIPS is to ensure the security and interoperability of computer systems used by U.S. federal government agencies and their associated contractors.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> When running on {ocp-product-title} in FIPS mode, it uses the {rhel} cryptographic libraries submitted (or planned to be submitted) to NIST for FIPS validation on only the `x86_64`, `ppc64le`, and `s390X` architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see link:https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/validated-modules[Cryptographic Module Validation Program]. For the latest NIST status of the individual versions of {rhel} cryptographic libraries that have been submitted for validation, see link:https://access.redhat.com/en/compliance[Product compliance].

Reviewer: Per doc guidelines: when linking outside the docs, _use the <document_heading_name> (<document_source>) format_.
```suggestion
When running on {ocp-product-title} in FIPS mode, it uses the {rhel} cryptographic libraries submitted (or planned to be submitted) to NIST for FIPS validation on only the `x86_64`, `ppc64le`, and `s390X` architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see link:https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/validated-modules[Cryptographic Module Validation Program] (NIST documentation). For the latest NIST status of the individual versions of {rhel} cryptographic libraries that have been submitted for validation, see link:https://access.redhat.com/en/compliance[Product compliance].
```
or maybe 
```suggestion
When running on {ocp-product-title} in FIPS mode, it uses the {rhel} cryptographic libraries submitted (or planned to be submitted) to NIST for FIPS validation on only the `x86_64`, `ppc64le`, and `s390X` architectures. For more information about the NIST validation program, see link:https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/cryptographic-module-validation-program/validated-modules[Cryptographic Module Validation Program] in the NIST documentation. For the latest NIST status of the individual versions of {rhel} cryptographic libraries that have been submitted for validation, see link:https://access.redhat.com/en/compliance[Product compliance].
```

Author: @mburke5678  I must not understand what you mean with your comment pertaining to the link.

[This source](This source https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#links-to-external-websites) shows the following pattern:

`link:http://othersite.com/otherpath[friendly reference text]`

Can you show me an example of what you mean?

Reviewer: That comes from [Lead-in link sentence style for the link attribute
](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentence-style-for-the-link-attribute). I've been meaning to ask about the discrepancy in the two sections, just haven't gotten around to it.
